Add `cocli submit` command to submit CoRIMs through the Veraison provisioning API (#46)
veraison/corim: cocli/README.md

## CoRIMs manipulation

> The `corim` subcommand allows you to create, display, sign, verify CoRIMs or submit
> a CoRIM to veraison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `corim` subcommand allows you to create, display, sign, verify CoRIMs or submit
a CoRIM using the [Veraison provisioning API](https://github.com/veraison/docs/tree/main/api/endorsement-provisioning).
```

[...]
}
```
### Submit

> Use the `corim submit` subcommand to submit an unsigned CoRIM to veraison provisioning service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use the `corim submit` subcommand to submit a CoRIM using the Veraison provisioning API.
```

> The CoRIM file containing the CoRIM data in a .cbor format is supplied via the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CoRIM file containing the CoRIM data in CBOR format is supplied via the 
```

`--corim-file` switch (abbrev. `-f`). The server URL where to send this 

> payload is supplied next via the `--api-server` switch (abbrev. `-s`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
payload is supplied via the `--api-server` switch (abbrev. `-s`).
```

Further it is required to supply the media type of the content via the 

> `--media-type` switch (abbrev. `-m`)

Reviewer: I think this could be simplified a bit passing only the profile.

```

> $ cocli corim submit --corim-file unsigned-corim.cbor --api-server "https://veraison.example/endorsement-provisioning/v1" --media-type "application/corim-unsigned+cbor; profile=http://arm.com/psa/iot/1"

Reviewer: break long line:

```suggestion
$ cocli corim submit \
    --corim-file unsigned-corim.cbor \
    --api-server "https://veraison.example/endorsement-provisioning/v1" \
    --media-type "application/corim-unsigned+cbor; profile=http://arm.com/psa/iot/1"
```
